.\" This file is part of hashID.
.\" 
.\" hashID is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" hashID is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with hashID.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.TH hashid 7 "15 March 2015" "v1.5" "hashid man page"
.SH NAME
\fBhashid\fP \- Identify the different types of hashes used to encrypt data

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hashid
[-h] [-e] [-m] [-j] [-o FILE] [--version] INPUT

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hashID 
is a tool written in Python 3 which supports the identification of over 220 unique hash types using regular expressions.
.TP
It is able to identify a single hash, parse a file or read multiple files in a directory and identify the hashes within them.
.B hashID
is also capable of including the corresponding hashcat mode and/or JohnTheRipper format in its output.
.B hashID
works out of the box with Python 2 ≥ 2.7.x or Python 3 ≥ 3.3 on any platform.
.TP
.I Note:
When identifying a hash on *nix operating systems use single quotes to prevent interpolation.

.SH OPTIONS
\fB\INPUT\fR
input to analyze (default: STDIN)
.TP
\fB\-e, \-\-extended\fR
list all possible hash algorithms including salted passwords
.TP
\fB\-m, \-\-mode\fR
include corresponding hashcat mode in output
.TP
\fB\-j, \-\-john\fR
include corresponding JohnTheRipper format in output
.TP
\fB\-o FILE, \-\-outfile FILE\fR
write output to file
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
show help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit

.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please report it at https://github.com/psypanda/hashID/issues

.SH AUTHOR
c0re (c0re@psypanda.org)